Today's people will not say concretely, but will
say uncomfortable, I will not explain much,
I will simply show you and
tell you where your comfort has
gone from while watching
[Sangeet]
You must know earlier also that I had
made a video dedicated to them, but right now
I am not able to understand why mother is not there
and why is it necessary to write 'moment son' in every video,
because they
want to tell outside the thumbnail of the video that
all these activities are being done by mother and son, so
please watch, otherwise they themselves have the realization
that how good their content is, that is why
their comments are always off and in the caption
also there is hashtag mother and son, okay yes, absolutely the right
message is going out, there has been a visionary change in the society
[Sangeet] the
flying
car has not come, but where my
mother used to pull me along in the showroom market when
I used to insist on something, today the children are
pulling their mother's toys
in the mall, just on de contact history,
one is my mother, standing in the middle of the room and
not even getting a photo clicked with me, Shakti one is this
mother Rachna Santoor Mama Dum, collab on tree,
one  What is the collab about, lifting in God
and which Brahma is written as the video creator,
in all their videos, the son himself is
lifting in God, in this way every small
child who is lifting in God will become a content creator, so
in the previous video also I had
told you how you can win
Rs. 1 crore, there will be no
mother, so that is why
in the video, I will show further that last year also
in 50 T20 league matches, 50 people became millionaires, so
in this video, I will tell further, then
I will not leave the name of the winner, just the video
and once we also have this, he is Santoor Mama,
Santoor Mama means the one who used to know that
you are looking younger than your children, like this,
hey bhaiya after applying 8 filters and 25 transactions,
even Deepak Kalal looks like Govinda,
aunty is looking ahead, you will start making at least 45
[Music] I will keep
roaming around lifting in God all the time, I have put it and in
which only Moji Instagram
[Music]
[Music] is
my mother,
very much like Sony
[Music]
Number ka Godhra hai
I want to tell the kids of today who are
watching a lot of videos
that nobody should be influenced by all this, there is
love between mother and son
but it is a very complete form of love
and there is a lot of thin line in it, so you should
definitely understand that, first you should
learn to respect your mother, only then will people outside do it
[Music]
because you are
thinking that it is
bad parenting, that's why everyone is doing it,
but when the parents themselves
start using their kids for this, then don't think that my
career is over at this time and
then they will say that this is how it happens, they are
jealous of our growth, oh they are not jealous of our growth,
friend, they want to give you a good direction
which you are not able to take, today we will take a
bath with shampoo,
husband wife aunty will tell whose
video is it with, so that
when someone's video comes in the Instagram feed, they must click
and I am really getting a lot of
side effects for uncle friend because uncle  No
one told me at the right time that the
use of belt is not just for pants, sometimes the
house also understands that if I tell the truth then I am
making this video out of jail because
if my parents had not seen me till now I would have appeared on TV in
such a lead role in Savdhaan India, let
me tell you
how you can get a chance to win ₹ 1
crore
in the match between Chennai vs Hyderabad,
download my Circle Up and make your team, let's
go to every match of the tournament, make a
contact and join there to win one
crore rupees, this Mr. Lekhraj Singh
from Rajasthan has won the
match between Bangalore vs Lucknow on 10th April,
so you also do not miss this opportunity and if you are
going from the link given in my description
and are using my coupon separately on 23rd,
then you will get 20% extra cash on
your first deposit plus 1500 welcome bonus
also so and make your team now let's go
towards the new two of Instagram, Mahesh wala one,
not this brother Mahesh two
[Music]
went to your nearest Apple store on Activa  And
this three toy act, do you
know whose it must be? The one
standing behind wearing glasses, his expressions changed, sorry
brother's name is not Mahesh, I just cheated him, I left it on him, he is
Ramesh, see, I am not supposed to do such acts, but
I will not do it with the name Ramesh at all, and what tax have you put
on your page, hashtag full enjoy,
you fully enjoyed this within 11.5 seconds.
After eating the softy, let's post a photo.
Ice cream party
[Music]
ok brother, you are not wrong friend, by the way, likes have
also been his childhood, make him an inspiration, there's no
problem, but first
write the spelling of inspiration once and send it to me,
then everything is ok, now mean put medicine etc.
655, whatever it is, take it and sit because
now there is going to be a problem, you are the
Instagram king who is going to come, Ishaan Masih
[Music]
came on my Instagram feed, I
thought he is not a human being, this is an AI, this Chaat
Gupta made it, see, his look is not going wrong at all,
someone developed it with an AI,
think good, you can go to Bali by saving your entire year's earnings  You
went there and then with your
3 months' earnings, you build a five star resort
and when you
come down there with your girlfriend to take a bath in the swimming pool,
a boy is doing all this blessings, it will happen at least once,
then brother, money will be wasted, first of all
brother, what gold am I not doing brother's
house Instagram by Ishaan Masih
dancer India's Go Talent Five and Eight well,
someone came in talent but when must have got eliminated in the audition
brother, similarly brother, he is
calling himself a dancer but in the name of dance, he has
only one step
[Music] It's done
brother, this is done, all of me is done, after
looking at your Instagram, show me something new,
tell me why you were called in Five and Eight, the
story is that
X made relief, you called me to put a bulb in it, you just want to
play games, the
man is Bhagat on the third floor, brother, he would
not need to search the temperature on Google,
put it in your hair like this on the topmost floor and see, I am lying down because it is
above the clouds, did
I have a hobby of dancing,
no brother please  Please yaar, please
show me that dirty dance, you will be very popular, don't do
all this otherwise I will
give my eyes between both the Instagram at the
right rate, if you knew Ehsaan Bhai's
other talent, then this is his hairstyle,
not Rakhi Sawant's, if it were not there, there would have been no
lack in your life, no, this was that thing
you would have done, the absence of which would
not have made any difference in your life,
now imagine that you have gone to a shop to get your
hair cut and you
see this guy there, just like that, I turn
back from the gate, who I don't want, no, no, I don't want the
snail-like hair,
brother, as if someone would put Milind Nigahba
in a pen drive, I took out two updates from
it, I can flower for Milind Bhai, yaar,
I am a lookalike, okay, I am
progressing, so it feels good too, if he does
all this, then brother who will not feel hurt, he is
naughty, he is your guy who
goes to a parlor and says that he wants threading
and there is no time available for
his threading  And from inside this
guy has come out
stylish, I do threading of your Banda,
I would like such a bypass of my Banda,
but I would not like to trade with you at all, at least
once
your wind will take you away, this boy
kidnapping inside Omni One in Jaunpur would be fine,
threading is not at all, this guy alone has
created terror on Instagram release
and with his food, with Rakhi Sawant and I don't know
with which other girls, if
you open his rail in the blanket in the dark of the night, I am
telling the truth, open it wearing a diaper,
urine will come out, it is so
dangerous
and it is not like that brother, this is also complete in Sigma,
which I should know in your elder
[Music]
From inside, something can happen in his life,
otherwise he will be seen giving pet interviews with Rakhi Sawant, his
career is not going on,
what did you do by doing his hair,
your brother does that, I don't know whether it is
wrong or right, but first my attention goes
towards the eagle and later I fall in love,
friend, I will donate my blue to some needy people,
people say one or two  Unity should be given
today I will give the head I am fine
friend if you also want to do GK or you also want to earn my money then
join today
brother I have to say common sense notes common friend
even by taking money they harm the brand
instead of view.com there will be Ludhiana so now
this is really causing headache let's end today's video
here and if you don't know then let
me tell you on 29th April
in our Indore Radisson Blu hotel
because you know our stand up tour is going on at
5:00 in the evening you will get the tickets there
you will search Lakshya Chaudhary in the book show you will get it
there otherwise you will find it in the description there will be a
link to bookmeshow and along with that
make your team for the Chennai vs Hyderabad match on 21st April absolutely na na
na the link is in the description from there
you will get my 20% extra cash on
your first deposit plus 1500 welcome bonus
also so don't lose your chase you will earn one crore